Add developer documentation about translations for services (#1835)
home-assistant/developers.home-assistant: docs/internationalization/core.md

```

### Services

> The translation for services are defined under the `services` key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The translations of service strings are defined under the `services` key.
```
